application/andrew-inset	    ez
application/atom+xml		    atom
application/mac-binhex40	    hqx
application/mac-compactpro	    cpt
application/mathml+xml		    mathml
application/msword		        doc
application/octet-stream	    bin
application/octet-stream	    dms
application/octet-stream	    lha
application/octet-stream	    lzh
application/octet-stream	    exe
application/octet-stream	    class
application/octet-stream	    so
application/octet-stream	    dll
application/octet-stream	    dmg
application/oda			        oda
application/ogg			        ogg
application/pdf			        pdf
application/postscript	        ai
application/postscript	        eps
application/postscript	        ps
application/rdf+xml		        rdf
application/smil		        smi
application/smil		        smil
application/srgs		        gram
application/srgs+xml		    grxml
application/vnd.ms-excel	    xls
application/vnd.ms-powerpoint	ppt
application/vnd.rn-realmedia	rm
application/vnd.wap.wbxml	    wbxml
application/vnd.wap.wmlc	    wmlc
application/vnd.wap.wmlscriptc	wmlsc
application/voicexml+xml	    vxml
application/x-bcpio		        bcpio
application/x-cdlink	    	vcd
application/x-chess-pgn	    	pgn
application/x-cpio		        cpio
application/x-csh		        csh
application/x-director		    dcr
application/x-director		    dir
application/x-director		    dxr
application/x-dvi		        dvi
application/x-futuresplash	    spl
application/x-gtar		        gtar
application/x-hdf		        hdf
application/x-javascript        js
application/x-koan		        skp
application/x-koan		        skd
application/x-koan		        skt
application/x-koan		        skm
application/x-latex		        latex
application/x-netcdf	        nc
application/x-netcdf	        cdf
application/x-sh		        sh
application/x-shar		        shar
application/x-shockwave-flash	swf
application/x-stuffit		    sit
application/x-sv4cpio		    sv4cpio
application/x-sv4crc		    sv4crc
application/x-tar		        tar
application/x-tcl		        tcl
application/x-tex		        tex
application/x-texinfo	        texinfo
application/x-texinfo	        texi
application/x-troff		        t
application/x-troff		        tr
application/x-troff		        roff
application/x-troff-man		    man
application/x-troff-me		    me
application/x-troff-ms		    ms
application/x-ustar		        ustar
application/x-wais-source	    src
application/xhtml+xml		    xht
application/xhtml+xml		    xhtml
application/xslt+xml		    xslt
application/xml			        xsl
application/xml			        xml
application/xml-dtd		        dtd
application/zip			        zip
audio/basic			            snd
audio/basic			            au
audio/midi			            mid
audio/midi			            midi
audio/midi			            kar
audio/mpeg			            mpga
audio/mpeg			            mp2
audio/mpeg			            mp3
audio/x-aiff		        	aif
audio/x-aiff		        	aiff
audio/x-aiff		        	aifc
audio/x-mpegurl		        	m3u
audio/x-pn-realaudio    		ram
audio/x-pn-realaudio    		ra
audio/x-wav			            wav
chemical/x-pdb			        pdb
chemical/x-xyz			        xyz
image/bmp			            bmp
image/cgm			            cgm
image/gif			            gif
image/ief			            ief
image/jpeg			            jpeg
image/jpeg			            jpg
image/jpeg			            jpe
image/png			            png
image/svg+xml		            svg
image/tiff			            tiff
image/tiff			            tif
image/vnd.djvu		            djv
image/vnd.djvu		            djvu
image/vnd.wap.wbmp	            wbmp
image/x-cmu-raster	            ras
image/x-icon		            ico
image/x-portable-anymap	    	pnm
image/x-portable-bitmap	    	pbm
image/x-portable-graymap    	pgm
image/x-portable-pixmap	    	ppm
image/x-rgb			            rgb
image/x-xbitmap			        xbm
image/x-xpixmap		        	xpm
image/x-xwindowdump		        xwd
model/iges	            		igs
model/iges	            		iges
model/mesh          			msh
model/mesh          			mesh
model/mesh          			silo
model/vrml		            	wrl
model/vrml		            	vrml
text/calendar			        ics
text/calendar			        ifb
text/css	            		css
text/html		            	html
text/html		            	htm
text/plain		               	txt
text/plain		               	asc
text/richtext       			rtx
text/rtf		             	rtf
text/sgml			            sgm
text/sgml			            sgml
text/tab-separated-values	    tsv
text/vnd.wap.wml		        wml
text/vnd.wap.wmlscript		    wmls
text/x-setext			        etx
video/mpeg			            mpeg
video/mpeg			            mpg
video/mpeg			            mpe
video/quicktime			        mov
video/quicktime			        qt
video/vnd.mpegurl		        m4u
video/vnd.mpegurl		        mxu
video/x-msvideo			        avi
video/x-sgi-movie		        movie
x-conference/x-cooltalk	    	ice
